devnotes.md, before:

# My Developer Notes
 
## Caveats wrt. traditional BASICs:
 
`PRINT` is a function call, not a statement (mostly because if used as an
embedded scripting language there may not be anywhere to print to).

Comments use hash symbols rather than single quotes. This is partly
because I wanted single quotes to have the same meaning as double quotes,
as in Javacript.
 
`REM` is not supported for comments.
 
Statements found in some old BASICs that are not available include `CLS`, 
`LOCATE`, `WHILE-WEND` and so on.
 
There aren't any arrays, only hash tables, and they are indexed using 
`[]` instead of `()`.
 
`DIM` is not needed (and not implemented) because of the way these hash 
tables are implemented.

* `&` is the string concatenation operator.
* `~` is the not-equals operator.
 
`DATA` is also a function, rather than a statement.
 
The operator `@` operator is for _references_. The expression `@identifier`
converts the identifier to a string, so `@ARRAY$` will be equivalent to
`"ARRAY$"`. 
 
It is useful, because functions like `DATA()` and `MAP()`
takes as a first parameter the name of the variable as a string. Using
the `@` operatior makes it clear that the parameter is a reference to a
variable.
 
Array indexes are case sensitive: `people["John Doe"]` and
`people["john doe"]` refer to two different variables, even though all
other variables are case insensitive (`Person` and `person` will refer
to the same variable). 
 
## Things I would like to change (when I find time):
 
`mu_par_num()` should be `mu_par_int()` in the API.
 
There are some places where a call to `mu_throw()` could cause memory to 
be leaked. Moral of the story: write your Musl programs in such a way that 
`mu_throw()` need never be called.

The `INPUT$()` function should take an optional second parameter that
is the name of the variable to read, so that you can use
	
    INPUT$ "Please enter a number", @n
 
instead of
	
    n = INPUT$("Please enter a number")
 
If an undefined variable ends with `$` it should be initialised to "" rather
than 0, so `PRINT undefined$` would print nothing.
 
## ToDo Built-In Functions:
 
Ideas for built-in functions that may be useful go in this section.
 
* `Replace$(str$, find, repl)` - Replaces occurances of `find` with `repl` 
in `str$`
* `GSUB$()` - Like Awk's `gsub()` function (instead of `replace$()` above)
 
Speaking of Awk, how about a function `AWK(line$, [delim$])` that takes `line$` 
and splits it into columns in `_C[i]`, so that a Musl script can do some of 
the same work as Awk. It returns the number of columns found in the line. 
`_C["length"]` should be the same as the arrays filled in by `DATA()` 
 
Actually, the above is just a `SPLIT()` function. I would actually like to 
have functions like ColdFusion's List functions. They are very much in the spirit of
Musl.
 
`ASC()` and `CHR()` for converting between characters and numbers:
`ASC('A')` is 65 and `CHR(65)` is 'A'
 
How about an Oracle-like DECODE() function (see 
http://www.techonthenet.com/oracle/functions/decode.php for details)? I can give 
mine a different name, like `SWITCH()` or `SELECT()`

I'd also like to have a feature to dump all the variables somewhere
for debugging Musl programs. It should be an API function and a Built-in
function.

Commit message:

Unintialised variables are now treated as "" rather than 0.

devnotes.md, after:

# My Developer Notes
 
## Caveats wrt. traditional BASICs:
 
`PRINT` is a function call, not a statement (mostly because if used as an
embedded scripting language there may not be anywhere to print to).

Comments use hash symbols rather than single quotes. This is partly
because I wanted single quotes to have the same meaning as double quotes,
as in Javacript.
 
`REM` is not supported for comments.
 
Statements found in some old BASICs that are not available include `CLS`, 
`LOCATE`, `WHILE-WEND` and so on.
 
There aren't any arrays, only hash tables, and they are indexed using 
`[]` instead of `()`.
 
`DIM` is not needed (and not implemented) because of the way these hash 
tables are implemented.

* `&` is the string concatenation operator.
* `~` is the not-equals operator.
 
`DATA` is also a function, rather than a statement.
 
The operator `@` operator is for _references_. The expression `@identifier`
converts the identifier to a string, so `@ARRAY$` will be equivalent to
`"ARRAY$"`. 
 
It is useful, because functions like `DATA()` and `MAP()`
takes as a first parameter the name of the variable as a string. Using
the `@` operatior makes it clear that the parameter is a reference to a
variable.

Uninitialised variables are initialised as "", which is treated as 0
in arithmetic.
 
Array indexes are case sensitive: `people["John Doe"]` and
`people["john doe"]` refer to two different variables, even though all
other variables are case insensitive (`Person` and `person` will refer
to the same variable).
 
## Things I would like to change (when I find time):
 
`mu_par_num()` should be `mu_par_int()` in the API.
 
There are some places where a call to `mu_throw()` could cause memory to 
be leaked. Moral of the story: write your Musl programs in such a way that 
`mu_throw()` need never be called.
 
## ToDo Built-In Functions:
 
Ideas for built-in functions that may be useful go in this section.
 
* `Replace$(str$, find, repl)` - Replaces occurances of `find` with `repl` 
in `str$`
* `GSUB$()` - Like Awk's `gsub()` function (instead of `replace$()` above)
 
Speaking of Awk, how about a function `AWK(line$, [delim$])` that takes `line$` 
and splits it into columns in `_C[i]`, so that a Musl script can do some of 
the same work as Awk. It returns the number of columns found in the line. 
`_C["length"]` should be the same as the arrays filled in by `DATA()` 
 
Actually, the above is just a `SPLIT()` function. I would actually like to 
have functions like ColdFusion's List functions. They are very much in the spirit of
Musl.
 
`ASC()` and `CHR()` for converting between characters and numbers:
`ASC('A')` is 65 and `CHR(65)` is 'A'
 
How about an Oracle-like DECODE() function (see 
http://www.techonthenet.com/oracle/functions/decode.php for details)? I can give 
mine a different name, like `SWITCH()` or `SELECT()`

I'd also like to have a feature to dump all the variables somewhere
for debugging Musl programs. It should be an API function and a Built-in
function.
